Improve recipes to use Profile names (#14)
airtop-ai/examples-python: examples/web_agent/How to schedule worker.md

# How to schedule the worker script

In case the site you're acessing requires login, we suggest you hardcode the profile_name in the worker so it runs automatically.
Just edit this line in worker.py

> `profile_name = input("Enter a profile name (or press Enter to skip): ").strip()`

Reviewer: You'll want to update the message here too to
```suggestion
`profile_name = input(
            "Enter a profile name.  If no profile exists with this name, one will be created: "
        ).strip()`
```
